Create Installing-drivers-and-fix-them (#161)
Microsoft-community/Community-website: wiki/installing-and-updating-drivers.md

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-driver-update-example.png" alt="An available optional driver update, with the Download & install button selected." width=500px>

On Windows 10, a "View optional updates" link will appear under "Check for updates" if optional updates are available. Click on it to see the list of available driver updates.

## Method 2: Download using the manufacturer's website.
It is highly recommended to download or update your drivers through your manufacturer's website, as that will guarantee proper functionality, provided you've installed the correct drivers. This is especially a good idea for your Graphics Card (GPU) Drivers.

All you need to do is:
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{device manufacturer} drivers".
2. Visit the manufacturer's website and enter the model of your device, then follow the instructions on the page.
3. When you select the product, you may be shown with 2 options:
	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
## Well-known manufacturers' websites

>  - [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
 
```

>  - [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
 
```

>  - [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
 
```

## Method 3: Download using the OEM's website.
If the manufacturer's website doesn't provide the drivers that you need for your hardware, you can download them from the OEM's (Original Equipment Manufacturer) website.

>  1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{the OEM's name} drivers".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{the OEM's name} drivers".
 
```

>  2. Search for the model number of the piece of hardware you want to upgrade/install drivers for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Search for the model number of the piece of hardware you want to upgrade/install drivers for.
 
```

>  3. When you select the product, you may have two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. When you select the product, you may have two options:
 
```

	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.

> - See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](/wiki/reinstalling-gpu-drivers.html#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](/wiki/reinstalling-gpu-drivers.html#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.
```

On Windows 10 or 11:

- Open the Start menu, click on the power button, and hold <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking Restart. This will take you to the Windows Recovery Environment:

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre.png" alt="A screenshot of the Windows Recovery Environment." height=350px>

- Click Troubleshoot > Advanced options > Startup Settings > Restart. After your computer restarts, press <kbd>4</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode, or <kbd>5</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.

On earlier versions of Windows:

- Restart your computer and repeatedly press F8 before the Windows logo appears.
- At the Advanced Boot Options menu, select “Safe Mode” to boot into Safe Mode, or “Safe Mode with Networking” to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.

2. Uninstall the Driver in Safe Mode:

Once in safe mode, you can uninstall the problematic driver:

 1. Open the Device Manager (search for it in the Start Menu).

 2. Expand the category for the device with the recently installed driver.

 3. Right-click on the device and select “Uninstall device”.

 4. Check the box “Delete the driver software for this device” (if available) and click “Uninstall”.

> Or if you can't acces to the normal safe mode, try running the following commands Safe mode with Command Prompt mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:
```

>  1. Dism /image:C:\ /Get-Drivers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. ```Dism /image:C:\ /Get-Drivers```
```
or
```suggestion
 1. `Dism /image:C:\ /Get-Drivers`
```

>  2. DISM /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf (replace not_working_driver for the driver that isn't working).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. ```DISM /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).
```
or
```suggestion
 2. `DISM /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).
```

 3. You should see something like this:  

>     	Found 1 driver package (s) to remove.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    	```Found 1 driver package(s) to remove.  
```

	Removing 1 of 1 – not_working_driver.inf: The driver package was successfully removed.  

> 	The operation completed successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	The operation completed successfully.```
```

### System Restore

If you recently created a system restore point before installing the driver, you can restore Windows to that point:

 1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.

 2. Click Advanced options.

 3. Click System Restore.

### Startup Repair

If Safe Mode isn't accessible, you can try Startup Repair, a built-in tool on Windows that will attempt to fix boot issues:

>  1. Create a Windows Recovery USB drive using another computer. See : [Download Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Create a Windows Recovery USB drive using another computer. See: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html).
 
```

 2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems > Troubleshoot” > “Advanced options” > “Startup Repair”.

### Reinstall Windows

If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup. You may learn how to backup your data [here](/wiki/backup.html).

>  1. Download Windows using a working computer: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Download Windows using a working computer: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html)
 
```

# Installing and Updating Drivers 
In this guide, you will learn how to download or update drivers on your computer.

> ::: warning

Reviewer 2: Making this lowercase cuz it was a bit too aggressive.

```suggestion
::: warning Warning
```

It is highly recommended to avoid using third-party software to update or install your drivers.
:::
## Before you get into the process, you need to know your computer.
The first step in installing drivers is to correctly identify the hardware you need drivers for. This information can be found in your computer's manual or by using the Device Manager. You can access the device manager by right-clicking the Windows start button or by pressing <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> and selecting Device Manager. In the Device Manager, look for the device you require drivers for, and expand its entry to see its model number. In System Information, navigate to the “Hardware” section and find the device you require drivers for.

## Method 1: Using Windows Update
You can usually find drivers for your devices in Windows Update, instead of having to manually download the file.

>  1. Open Settings through the start menu or by pressing <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open Settings through the start menu or by pressing <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd>.
```

>  2. Go to Update & security (on Windows 10) or Windows Update (on Windows 11).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Go to Update & security (on Windows 10) or Windows Update (on Windows 11).
```

>  3. Click on “Check for Updates” or "Download & Install Updates".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click on “Check for Updates” or "Download & Install Updates".
```

2. Click "Optional updates".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-advanced-options-optional-updates.png" alt="The Advanced options menu, with the Optional updates button highlighted." width=500px>

3. Click "Driver updates" to show the list of available driver updates, if there are any.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-optional-updates-driver-updates.png" alt="The Optional updates menu, with the Driver updates menu highlighted." width=500px>

4. Select any optional updates you wish to install, then click "Download & install".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-driver-update-example.png" alt="An available optional driver update, with the Download & install button selected." width=500px>

On Windows 10, a "View optional updates" link will appear under "Check for updates" if optional updates are available. Click on it to see the list of available driver updates.

> ## Method 2: Download using the manufacturer's website.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Method 2: Download using the manufacturer's website.
::: tip Note
Using a laptop, or a pre-built desktop? You should probably download drivers from your OEM's website instead. See [Method 3](#method-3-download-using-the-oem-s-website).
:::
```

Author: I don't see any difference

Reviewer 3: I added a note under the Method 2 header.

Author: Ok...

It is highly recommended to download or update your drivers through your manufacturer's website, as that will guarantee proper functionality, provided you've installed the correct drivers. This is especially a good idea for your Graphics Card (GPU) Drivers.

All you need to do is:
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{device manufacturer} drivers".
2. Visit the manufacturer's website and enter the model of your device, then follow the instructions on the page.
3. When you select the product, you may be shown with 2 options:
	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
### Well-known manufacturers' websites
 - [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
 
 - [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
 
 - [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
 
## Method 3: Download using the OEM's website.
If the manufacturer's website doesn't provide the drivers that you need for your hardware, you can download them from the OEM's (Original Equipment Manufacturer) website.

>  1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{the OEM's name} drivers".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{the OEM's name} drivers".
```

>  2. Search for the model number of the piece of hardware you want to upgrade/install drivers for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Search for the model number of the piece of hardware you want to upgrade/install drivers for.
```

>  3. When you select the product, you may have two options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. When you select the product, you may have two options:
```

> 	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Download the driver downloader (recommended).
```

> 	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Download this specific driver only and install manually.
```

> See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](/wiki/reinstalling-gpu-drivers.html#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](/wiki/reinstalling-gpu-drivers.html#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.
```

2. Uninstall the Driver in Safe Mode:

Once in safe mode, you can uninstall the problematic driver:

 1. Open the Device Manager (search for it in the Start Menu).

 2. Expand the category for the device with the recently installed driver.

 3. Right-click on the device and select “Uninstall device”.

 4. Check the box “Delete the driver software for this device” (if available) and click “Uninstall”.

Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

 1. ```Dism /image:C:\ /Get-Drivers```

 2. ```DISM /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).

 3. You should see something like this:  
```
Found 1 driver package(s) to remove.
Removing 1 of 1 – not_working_driver.inf: The driver package was successfully removed.
The operation completed successfully.
```

### System Restore

If you recently created a system restore point before installing the driver, you can restore Windows to that point:

>  1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.
```

>  2. Click Advanced options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click Advanced options.
```

>  3. Click System Restore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click System Restore.
```

### Startup Repair

If Safe Mode isn't accessible, you can try Startup Repair, a built-in tool on Windows that will attempt to fix boot issues:

>  1. Create a Windows Recovery USB drive using another computer. See: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Windows Recovery USB drive using another computer. See: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html).
```

>  2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems > Troubleshoot” > “Advanced options” > “Startup Repair”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems > Troubleshoot” > “Advanced options” > “Startup Repair”.
```

### Reinstall Windows

If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup. You may learn how to backup your data [here](/wiki/backup.html).

>  1. Download Windows using a working computer: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Download Windows using a working computer: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html)
```

>  2. Next, to install Windows, follow this guide: [Installing Windows](/wiki/installing-windows.html) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Next, to install Windows, follow this guide: [Installing Windows](/wiki/installing-windows.html) 
```

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-driver-update-example.png" alt="An available optional driver update, with the Download & install button selected." width=500px>

On Windows 10, a "View optional updates" link will appear under "Check for updates" if optional updates are available. Click on it to see the list of available driver updates.

## Method 2: Download using the manufacturer's website.
It is highly recommended to download or update your drivers through your manufacturer's website, as that will guarantee proper functionality, provided you've installed the correct drivers. This is especially a good idea for your Graphics Card (GPU) Drivers.

All you need to do is:
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{device manufacturer} drivers".
2. Visit the manufacturer's website and enter the model of your device, then follow the instructions on the page.
3. When you select the product, you may be shown with 2 options:
	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
### Well-known manufacturers' websites

>  - [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
```

>  - [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
```

>  - [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
```

3. Go to the "Driver" tab at the top of the window, and then click "Roll Back Driver".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." width=500px>

4. Windows will ask you why you're rolling back to a previous driver. Select a reason, and click "Yes". If you want to, you can leave a detailed response in the "Tell Us More" field, at the bottom of the window.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width=500px>

5. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width=500px>

### Safe Mode

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safe mode is a diagnostic tool, which loads Windows with only the essential drivers. This allows you to access Windows even if the problematic driver is causing issues during normal boot.

```

1. Enter Safe Mode:

> Safe mode is a diagnostic tool, which loads Windows with only the essential drivers. This allows you to access Windows even if the problematic driver is causing issues during normal boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: Why quit the explication?

On Windows 10 or 11:

- Open the Start menu, click on the power button, and hold <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking Restart. This will take you to the Windows Recovery Environment:

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre.png" alt="A screenshot of the Windows Recovery Environment." height=350px>

- Click Troubleshoot > Advanced options > Startup Settings > Restart. After your computer restarts, press <kbd>4</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode, or <kbd>5</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.

On earlier versions of Windows:

- Restart your computer and repeatedly press F8 before the Windows logo appears.
- At the Advanced Boot Options menu, select “Safe Mode” to boot into Safe Mode, or “Safe Mode with Networking” to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.

2. Uninstall the Driver in Safe Mode:

Once in safe mode, you can uninstall the problematic driver:

>  1. Open the Device Manager (search for it in the Start Menu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the Device Manager (search for it in the Start Menu).
```

>  2. Expand the category for the device with the recently installed driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Expand the category for the device with the recently installed driver.
```

>  3. Right-click on the device and select “Uninstall device”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Right-click on the device and select “Uninstall device”.
```

>  4. Check the box “Delete the driver software for this device” (if available) and click “Uninstall”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check the box “Delete the driver software for this device” (if available) and click “Uninstall”.
```

Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

>  1. ```Dism /image:C:\ /Get-Drivers```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ```Dism /image:C:\ /Get-Drivers```
```

>  2. ```DISM /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. ```DISM /Image:C:\ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).
```

>  3. You should see something like this:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. You should see something like this:  
```

# Installing and Updating Drivers 
In this guide, you will learn how to download or update drivers on your computer.

::: warning Warning
It is highly recommended to avoid using third-party software to update or install your drivers.
:::

> ## Before you get into the process, you need to know your computer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Identifying Your Hardware
```

2. Click "Optional updates".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-advanced-options-optional-updates.png" alt="The Advanced options menu, with the Optional updates button highlighted." width=500px>

3. Click "Driver updates" to show the list of available driver updates, if there are any.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-optional-updates-driver-updates.png" alt="The Optional updates menu, with the Driver updates menu highlighted." width=500px>

4. Select any optional updates you wish to install, then click "Download & install".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-driver-update-example.png" alt="An available optional driver update, with the Download & install button selected." width=500px>

On Windows 10, a "View optional updates" link will appear under "Check for updates" if optional updates are available. Click on it to see the list of available driver updates.

> ## Method 2: Download using the manufacturer's website.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Method 2: Using Your Manufacturer's Website
```

::: tip Note
Using a laptop, or a pre-built desktop? You should probably download drivers from your OEM's website instead. See [Method 3](#method-3-download-using-the-oem-s-website).
:::
It is highly recommended to download or update your drivers through your manufacturer's website, as that will guarantee proper functionality, provided you've installed the correct drivers. This is especially a good idea for your Graphics Card (GPU) Drivers.

All you need to do is:
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{device manufacturer} drivers".
2. Visit the manufacturer's website and enter the model of your device, then follow the instructions on the page.
3. When you select the product, you may be shown with 2 options:
	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
### Well-known manufacturers' websites
- [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
 
- [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
 
- [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
 

> ## Method 3: Download using the OEM's website.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Method 3: Using Your OEM's Website
```

2. Click "Optional updates".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-advanced-options-optional-updates.png" alt="The Advanced options menu, with the Optional updates button highlighted." width=500px>

3. Click "Driver updates" to show the list of available driver updates, if there are any.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-optional-updates-driver-updates.png" alt="The Optional updates menu, with the Driver updates menu highlighted." width=500px>

4. Select any optional updates you wish to install, then click "Download & install".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-driver-update-example.png" alt="An available optional driver update, with the Download & install button selected." width=500px>

On Windows 10, a "View optional updates" link will appear under "Check for updates" if optional updates are available. Click on it to see the list of available driver updates.

> ## Method 2: Using your OEM commpanny website (the manufacturer of an entire device)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Method 2: Using your OEM company website (the manufacturer of an entire device)
```

Reviewer: also, is the word "entire" necessary? we can just use "a device" and "individual hardware" right?
cc @FloatingMilkshake

Reviewer 3: I would say it's fine either way. I personally would rather the title be kept short and a note be added to explain what OEM means, like this:
```suggestion
## Method 2: Using your OEM's website
::: tip Note
In this context, 'OEM' refers to the manufacturer of your entire device, if you are using a laptop or pre-built desktop. If you're using a custom-built PC, check out [Method 3](#method-3-download-using-the-oem-s-website) instead.
:::
```
Also: if the titles for Methods 2 & 3 are being swapped, the note from Method 2 needs to be moved down to Method 3 and edited to point to Method 2. Then the title for Method 3 could probably be shortened to "Method 3: Using your manufacturer's website" or whatever

Author: *Confuses*

::: tip Note
Using a laptop, or a pre-built desktop? You should probably download drivers from your OEM's website instead. See [Method 3](#method-3-download-using-the-oem-s-website).
:::
It is highly recommended to download or update your drivers through your manufacturer's website, as that will guarantee proper functionality, provided you've installed the correct drivers. This is especially a good idea for your Graphics Card (GPU) Drivers.

All you need to do is:
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{device manufacturer} drivers".
2. Visit the manufacturer's website and enter the model of your device, then follow the instructions on the page.
3. When you select the product, you may be shown with 2 options:
	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
### Well-known manufacturers' websites
- [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
 
- [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
 
- [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
 

> ## Method 3: Using manufacter's website (manufacturers of individual pieces of hardware)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Method 3: Using manufacturer's website (manufacturers of individual pieces of hardware)
```

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width=500px>

5. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width=500px>

### Safe Mode
Safe mode is a diagnostic tool, which loads Windows with only the essential drivers. This allows you to access Windows even if the problematic driver is causing issues during normal boot.
1. Enter Safe Mode:

On Windows 10 or 11:

- Open the Start menu, click on the power button, and hold <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking Restart. This will take you to the Windows Recovery Environment:

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/winre.png" alt="A screenshot of the Windows Recovery Environment." height=350px>

- Click:

>  - Troubleshoot

Reviewer: image formatting here is kinda messed up. re-work needed

Author: What's wrong with the image?

Reviewer: They are... not in the right place... to say the least.

Author: With commits of itsWindows11 and some change I'm going to commit, solve this issue.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width=500px>

6. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width=500px>

Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

1. ```Dism /image:C:/ /Get-Drivers```

2. ```DISM /Image:C:/ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).

3. You should see something like this:  
```
Found 1 driver package(s) to remove.
Removing 1 of 1 – not_working_driver.inf: The driver package was successfully removed.
The operation completed successfully.
```

> 

Reviewer: maybe add a sentence below this saying that if it shows that something went wrong proceed with another method of troubleshooting

### System Restore

If you recently created a system restore point before installing the driver, you can restore Windows to that point:

1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height=350px>

2. Click Advanced options.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height=350px>

> 3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.<hr>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.
```

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height=350px>

### Startup Repair

If Safe Mode isn't accessible, you can try Startup Repair, a built-in tool on Windows that will attempt to fix boot issues:

1. Create a Windows Recovery USB drive using another computer. See: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html).
 
2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems"

>     Troubleshoot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    Troubleshoot
```

2. Click "Optional updates".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-advanced-options-optional-updates.png" alt="The Advanced options menu, with the Optional updates button highlighted." width="500px">

3. Click "Driver updates" to show the list of available driver updates, if there are any.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-optional-updates-driver-updates.png" alt="The Optional updates menu, with the Driver updates menu highlighted." width="500px">

4. Select any optional updates you wish to install, then click "Download & install".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/optional-updates/windows-update-driver-update-example.png" alt="An available optional driver update, with the Download & install button selected." width="500px">

On Windows 10, a "View optional updates" link will appear under "Check for updates" if optional updates are available. Click on it to see the list of available driver updates.

## Method 2: Using your OEM's website
::: tip Note

> Using a laptop, or a pre-built desktop? You should probably download drivers from your OEM's website instead. See [Method 3](#method-3-download-using-the-oem-s-website).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
"OEM" here refers to the manufacturer of an entire device, like a laptop or pre-built desktop. If you are using a custom-built computer, you should follow [Method 3](#method-3-using-your-manufacturer-s-website) instead.
```

- [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
 
- [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
 
- [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
 
## Method 3: Using manufacturer's website (manufacturers of individual pieces of hardware)
If the manufacturer's website doesn't provide the drivers that you need for your hardware, you can download them from the OEM's (Original Equipment Manufacturer) website.

1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{the OEM's name} drivers".
 
2. Search for the model number of the piece of hardware you want to upgrade/install drivers for.
 
3. When you select the product, you may have two options:
 
    - Download the driver downloader (recommended).
    - Download this specific driver only and install manually.

See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](/wiki/reinstalling-gpu-drivers.html#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.
## Troubleshooting 🔧
### If you can access Windows:
1. Open the Device Manager by pressing <kbd>Win</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> and then clicking the "Device Manager" option. You can also search for it in the Start Menu.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-power-user-menu.png" alt="The Win+X 'power user' menu, with Device Manager highlighted." width="200px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-power-user-menu.png" alt="The Win+X 'power user' menu, with Device Manager highlighted." height="400px">
```

2. In Device Manager, find the device that is causing problems (you might have to expand a category), right-click on it, and click "Properties".

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-button.png" alt="The context menu for a display adapter in Device Manager, with Properties highlighted." width="500px">

3. Go to the "Driver" tab at the top of the window, and then click "Roll Back Driver".

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." width="500px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." height="350px">
```

4. Windows will ask you why you're rolling back to a previous driver. Select a reason, and click "Yes". If you want to, you can leave a detailed response in the "Tell Us More" field, at the bottom of the window.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width="500px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." height="300px">
```

5. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width="500px">

### Safe Mode
Safe mode is a diagnostic tool, which loads Windows with only the essential drivers. This allows you to access Windows even if the problematic driver is causing issues during normal boot.
1. Enter Safe Mode:

On Windows 10 or 11:

- Open the Start menu, click on the power button, and hold <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking Restart. This will take you to the Windows Recovery Environment:

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/winre.png" alt="A screenshot of the Windows Recovery Environment." height="350px">

> Then go throught the steps:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then go through the steps:
```
typo

> On Windows 10 or 11:
> 
> - Open the Start menu, click on the power button, and hold <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking Restart. This will take you to the Windows Recovery Environment:
> 
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/winre.png" alt="A screenshot of the Windows Recovery Environment." height="350px">
> 
> Then go throught the steps:
>  - Troubleshoot
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
>  - Advanced options
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
>  - Startup Settings > Restart. After your computer restarts, press <kbd>4</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode, or <kbd>5</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.
>  <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_settings.png" alt="An image to click to startup options" height="350px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Windows 10 or 11:

1. Open the Start menu, click on the power button, and hold <kbd>Shift</kbd> while clicking Restart. This will take you to the Windows Recovery Environment:

2. Click on "Troubleshoot"

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">

3. Then, select "Advanced options"

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">

4. Finally, click "Startup Settings" and then "Restart".
 <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_settings.png" alt="An image to click to startup options" height="350px">

   After your computer restarts, press <kbd>4</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode, or <kbd>5</kbd> to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.
```

>  <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_settings.png" alt="An image to click to startup options" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_settings.png" alt="An image to click to startup options" height="350px">
```

On earlier versions of Windows:

- Restart your computer and repeatedly press F8 before the Windows logo appears.
- At the Advanced Boot Options menu, select “Safe Mode” to boot into Safe Mode, or “Safe Mode with Networking” to boot into Safe Mode with internet access.

2. Uninstall the Driver in Safe Mode:

Once in safe mode, you can uninstall the problematic driver:

1. Open the Device Manager (search for it in the Start Menu).

2. Expand the category for the device with the recently installed driver.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-button.png" alt="The context menu for a display adapter in Device Manager, with Properties highlighted." width=500px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-button.png" alt="The context menu for a display adapter in Device Manager, with Properties highlighted." width="500px">
```

3. In Device Manager, find the device that is causing problems (you might have to expand a category), right-click on it, and click "Properties".

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-button.png" alt="The context menu for a display adapter in Device Manager, with Properties highlighted." width=500px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-button.png" alt="The context menu for a display adapter in Device Manager, with Properties highlighted." width="500px">
```

4. Go to the "Driver" tab at the top of the window, and then click "Roll Back Driver".

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." width=500px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." width="500px">
```

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." width="500px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/device-manager-properties-roll-back-driver.png" alt="The properties window for a device in Device Manager, with the Driver tab and Roll Back Driver button highlighted." height="350px">
```

5. Windows will ask you why you're rolling back to a previous driver. Select a reason, and click "Yes". If you want to, you can leave a detailed response in the "Tell Us More" field, at the bottom of the window.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width=500px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width="500px">
```

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width="500px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." height="300px">
```

6. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width=500px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width="500px">
```

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width="500px">

Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

1. ```Dism /image:C:/ /Get-Drivers```

2. ```DISM /Image:C:/ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).

3. You should see something like this:  
```
Found 1 driver package(s) to remove.
Removing 1 of 1 – not_working_driver.inf: The driver package was successfully removed.
The operation completed successfully.
```

> ::: Info:
> If something went wrong, proceed with another method of troubleshooting
> :::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
::: tip Note
If you have trouble with this, proceed to another troubleshooting method below.
:::
```

1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
```

2. Click Advanced options.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
```

3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.

> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">
```

> 1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.
> 
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
> 
> 2. Click Advanced options.
> 
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
> 
> 3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.
> 
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">

2. Click Advanced options.

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">

3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">
```

1. Create a Windows Recovery USB drive using another computer. See: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html).
 
2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems"

>     
>     Troubleshoot
>     

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    
    - Select "Troubleshoot"
    
```

>     <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
```

>     
>     Advanced options
>     

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    
    - Select "Advanced options"
    
```

>     <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
```

>     
>     Startup Repair
>     

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    
    - Select "Startup Repair"
    
```

>     <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height=350px>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">
```

> 2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems"
>     
>     - Select "Troubleshoot"
>     
>     <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
>     
>     - Select "Advanced options"
>     
>     <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
>     
>     - Select "Startup Repair"
>     
>     <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems"
    
   1. Select "Troubleshoot"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
    
   2. Select "Advanced options"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
    
   3.  Select "Startup Repair"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">
```

1. Download Windows using a working computer: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html)
 
2. Next, to install Windows, follow this guide: [Installing Windows](/wiki/installing-windows.html) 

::: tip Note
During the installation process, you may be asked to enter a licence key. If you don't have one, you can click Skip or "I don't have a product key" and Windows will be automatically reactivated (if your Windows installation was already activated). If you were previously signed in with a Microsoft account, you may need to sign in with the same account again.

> :::

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't this be specified in the relevant page (installing-windows)?

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width="500px">

6. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width="500px">

Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

1. ```Dism /image:C:/ /Get-Drivers```

If you cannot access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

3. You should see something like this:  
```
::: tip Note
If you have trouble with this, proceed to another troubleshooting method below.
:::
```
::: Info:
In case something goes wrong during (operation), you can [proceed with another method of troubleshooting here](link to the thing) 

> :::

Reviewer 4: Don't copy the text verbatim, also the faulty custom container and the codeblock aren't removed, and the image for "you should see something like this" isn't added.

Author: See comments to see why I copied it directly.

2. Then, click on "Advanced Options"

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">

3. Finally, click on "System Restore" and follow the instructions

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">

### Startup Repair
    
   1. Select "Troubleshoot"
    
2. Boot into the Recovery Drive and select "Fix Computer Problems"
    
   2. Select "Advanced options"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
    
   3.  Select "Startup Repair"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">
    
    - Select "Startup Repair"
    
    <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">

### Reinstall Windows

> If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup. You may learn how to backup your data [here](/wiki/backup.html).
> 
> 1. Download Windows using a working computer: [Downloading Windows](/wiki/downloading-windows.html)
>  
> If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all of your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup first. You may learn how to backup your data [here](/wiki/backup.html).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup. You may learn how to backup your data [here](backup).

You can learn more on how to download Windows and install it [here](downloading-windows).
```

# Installing and Updating Drivers 
In this guide, you will learn how to download or update drivers on your computer.

> ::: warning Warning

Reviewer 2: _sigh_
```suggestion
::: warning
```

3. When you select the product, you may be shown with 2 options:
	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
### Well-known manufacturers' websites
- [Dell](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)
 
- [HP](https://support.hp.com/us-en/drivers)
 
- [Lenovo](https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/us/en)
## Method 3: Using your manufacturer's website
::: tip Note
"Manufacturer" here refers to the manufacturer of an individual piece of hardware. If you are using a laptop or a pre-built desktop, you should probably download drivers from your OEM's website instead. See [Method 2](#method-2-using-your-oem-s-website).
:::
For each piece of hardware in your computer that you wish to get drivers for:
1. On the search engine of your choice (Google, Bing, etc…), search for "{hardware manufacturer} drivers".
 
2. Search for the model number of the piece of hardware you want to upgrade/install drivers for.
 
3. When you select the product, you may have two options:
 
    - Download the driver downloader (recommended).
    - Download this specific driver only and install manually.

> See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](/wiki/reinstalling-gpu-drivers.html#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.

Reviewer 4: Strip the `.html` for clean URLs so we don't make an extra client side redirect in case we switch to VitePress.

```suggestion
See [Reinstalling GPU drivers from the OEM's website](reinstalling-gpu-drivers#method-3-oem-website) for more information on installing GPU drivers.
```

5. Windows will ask you why you're rolling back to a previous driver. Select a reason, and click "Yes". If you want to, you can leave a detailed response in the "Tell Us More" field, at the bottom of the window.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/driver-rollback-confirmation.png" alt="The confirmation dialogue presented after selecting Roll Back Driver." width="500px">

6. Windows will then restore your driver to the previous version, which could take up to 5-10 minutes.

<img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/troubleshooting/hardware-change-restart-prompt.png" alt="The prompt to restart your computer, shown after rolling back a driver." width="500px">

Or if you can't access the normal safe mode, you may try and access Safe Mode with Command Prompt and execute the following commands in Command Prompt:

1. ```Dism /image:C:/ /Get-Drivers```

2. ```DISM /Image:C:/ /Remove-Driver /Driver:not_working_driver.inf``` (replace not_working_driver with the driver that isn't working).

> 3. You should see something like this:  

Author: Seems dissapeared @sthivaios, let me find it.

```
::: tip Note
If you have trouble with this, proceed to another troubleshooting method below.
:::

> ```

Reviewer 4: IMO a tip container isn't necessary for such thing. At least can be stated in plain text.

> ```

Reviewer 2: > IMO a tip container isn't necessary for such thing. At least it can be stated in plain text.

true i just left it like that cuz thats what @FloatingMilkshake had suggested

> ```

Reviewer 4: IIRC (because of how long this PR is), he only suggested changing the wrong custom container syntax, so I guess nothing wrong with leaving it out in plaintext without a custom container involved.

So basically instead of:
```
::: tip Note
If something went wrong, proceed with another method of troubleshooting
:::
```

You can just write:
```
In case something goes wrong during (operation), [proceed with another method of troubleshooting here](link to the thing)
```

... and it'll give the same meaning and emphasis, plus removes extra clutter.

> ```

Author: I will pull it with "In case something goes wrong during (operation), you can [proceed with another method of troubleshooting here](link to the thing) " irecly, and this afternoon I will try to fing the links to finish it, only I'm applying the commits and resolving then.

::: Info:
If something went wrong, proceed with another method of troubleshooting

> :::

Reviewer 4: See what?

Also for the "if something went wrong" part you do not have to put it in a custom container (syntax is wrong anyway)

1. At startup options, click Troubleshoot.

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">

2. Click Advanced options.

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">

> 3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Finally, click on "System Restore" and follow the instructions
```

   <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">

> 3. Click System Restore and follow the instructions.
> 
> <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/system_restore.png" alt="An image to enter to system restore menu" height="350px">

Reviewer 2: Another duplicate?
```suggestion
```

### Startup Repair

> 2. Boot your computer using the recovery drive and pick “Fix computer problems"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Boot into the Recovery Drive and select "Fix Computer Problems"
```

    
   1. Select "Troubleshoot"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/troubleshoot.png" alt="An image of advanced startup" height="350px">
    
   2. Select "Advanced options"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/advanced_options.png" alt="An image to entrace to advanced options" height="350px">
    
   3.  Select "Startup Repair"
    
      <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">
    
    - Select "Startup Repair"
    
    <img src="./img/installing-and-updating-drivers/winre/startup_repair.png" alt="An image to click startup repair" height="350px">

### Reinstall Windows

> If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup. You may learn how to backup your data [here](/wiki/backup.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If none of the solutions above work, you may need to reinstall Windows. This will erase all of your data and applications, so make sure you have a backup first. You may learn how to backup your data [here](/wiki/backup.html).
```

	- Download the driver downloader (recommended).
	- Download this specific driver only and install manually.
### Well-known manufacturers' websites

> - [Dell web](https://www.dell.com/support/home/en-us?app=drivers)

Reviewer: is the web here, 57, and 59 necessary?

Author: Why not to add web?

Reviewer 2: @julsehn isnt it the same URL?

Author: ?
